
# IGLib Code Documentation Repository

## About this Repository

Copyright (c) Igor Grešovnik  \
See LICENSE.md at https://github.com/ajgorhoe/CodeDocumentation

This repository is part of the [Investigative Generic Library (IGLib)](https://github.com/ajgorhoe/IGLib.modules.IGLibCore/blob/main/README.md). It is a container repository that contains various types of generated code documentation for IGLib. In order to **view code documentation**, you need to **clone the containing repositories** by running the `UpdateRepoGroup_IGLibCodeDocumentation.ps1` PowerShell script.



## Generated Code Documentation

### New IGLib Documentation

Below are links to starting pages of various types and flavors of generated documentation. Click the appropriate link to start browsing the specific documentation. If the documentation has not be generated yet or it needs to be updated according to changes, run the appropriate scripts.  

*  [**IGLib basic** documentation](Doc/DocIGLib/html/index.html) (generated by _[GenerateDocIGLib.ps1](DococIGLib.ps1)_)  
    
*  [**IGLib extended** documentation](Doc/DocIGLibAll/html/index.html) (generated by _[GenerateDocIGLibAll.ps1](DococIGLibAll.ps1)_)
*  [**IGLib basic, with source files** included](Doc_with_sources/DocIGLibWithSources/html/index.html) (generated by [_GenerateDocIGLibWithSources.ps1_](DococIGLibWithSources.ps1))
*  [**IGLib extended, with source files** included](Doc_with_sources/DocIGLibAllWithSources/html/index.html) (generated by [_GenerateDocIGLibAllWithSources.ps1_](DococIGLibAllWithSources.ps1))

### Legacy IGLib and Other Software

*  [IGLib basic documentation](Doc/iglib/html/index.html)
*  [**All** relevant IGLib-related code](Doc/igliball/html/index.html)  (generated by [_generate\_igliball.bat_](Doc/generate_igliball.bat))  
    

*  [IGLib **with sources**](Doc_with_sources/iglib_with_sources/html/index.html)  (generated by [_generate\_iglib\_with\_sources.bat_](Doc/generate_iglib_with_sources.bat))  
    
*  [**All** relevant IGLib related code **with sources**](Doc_with_sources/igliball_with_sources/html/index.html)  (generated by [_generate\_igliball\_with\_sources.bat_](Doc/generate_igliball_with_sources.bat))  
    

*  [**NeurApp: Test application for testing function of the ANN software**](Doc/NeurApp/html/index.html)  (generated by _[generate\_NeurApp.bat](Doc/./generate_NeurApp.bat)_)  
    
*  [shell: ANN - based approximation models computational shell](Doc/shell/html/index.html)  (generated by _[generate\_shell.bat](Doc/generate_shell.bat)_)



## Using the Repository

The legacy IGLib Framework can also be cloned by the new IGLib container used for cloning and building the new IGLib. Clone the container repository at:

> *https://github.com/ajgorhoe/iglibmodules*

In the cloned container repository, run the update/clone scripts as necessary to clone the desired IGLib repositories, for example,

> *iglibmodules/UpdateRepos_Extended.ps1*

Change to `iglibmodules/_doc/` and run the script

> *UpdateRepo_codedoc.ps1*

This clones the [`codedoc`](https://github.com/ajgorhoe/IGLib.workspace.doc.codedoc) repository containing scripts and other tools for generating code documentation. Run the appropriate scripts in `iglibmodules/_doc/codedoc/` for generation of different kinds of code documentation, such as:

* `generate_iglib.ps1` - basic IGLib documentaton
* `generate_igliball.ps1` - extended IGLib documentation
* `generate_iglib_with_sources.ps1` - basic IGLib documentation with source code included
* `generate_iglib_all_with_sources.ps1` - extended IGLib documentation with source code included

The generated documentation can be browsed via the `code_documentation.html` omdex file. See the [codedoc readme](https://github.com/ajgorhoe/IGLib.workspace.doc.codedoc/blob/master/README.md) for more details.
